Document dns_nsupdate provider in managing DNS section (#3200)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-dns-nsupdate.adoc

[id="configuring_dns_nsupdate_{context}"]

> = Configuring dns_nsupdate

Reviewer: I'd like to see more details in the heading about the use case. I'm going to make a guess as to what it could be, feel free to change it to something more appropriate.
```suggestion
= Configuring _dns_nsupdate_ as the DNS provider for {SmartProxy}
```
The idea is to include useful keywords into the heading and to avoid a short heading that doesn't say much about the section ([RH Supplementary Style Guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_principle_3_titles_and_headings)).

Reviewer: Oh, I hadn't noticed the other headings and sections. I'm actually not sure now: I still think those extra details in the heading(s) would help but then again, this PR is about adding one additional provider. So feel free to disregard my suggestions and just mimic the existing structure.

Author: I kept it simple for now.

> The _dns_nsupdate_ DNS provider manages DNS records using nsupdate.

Reviewer: Just to add markup and a basic introduction of what nsupdate is.
```suggestion
The _dns_nsupdate_ DNS provider manages DNS records using the `nsupdate` utility.
```

> It can be used with any https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2136[RFC2136] compatible nameserver, but by default ISC BIND is installed.

Author: Interesting: RFC2136 has 1 mention of nameserver and the rest is name server.

Author: The rabbit hole goes deeper. https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8499#section-6 suggests to me that it's now preferred to use DNS server

> It can be used with any https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2136[RFC2136] compatible DNS server, but by default ISC BIND is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use _dns_nsupdate_ with any https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2136[RFC2136]-compatible DNS server, but by default ISC BIND is installed.
```
or maybe this would be better to avoid the need to use the hyphen:
```suggestion
You can use _dns_nsupdate_ with any DNS server compatible with https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2136[RFC2136], but by default ISC BIND is installed.
```
You know what, let's split this into two sentences and clarify the second one (I really am not sure who does the installing, I'm going to assume it's dns_nsupdate):
```suggestion
You can use _dns_nsupdate_ with any DNS server compatible with https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2136[RFC2136].
By default, _dns_nsupdate_ installs the ISC BIND server.
```

For installation without ISC BIND, see xref:configuring-external-dns_{context}[].

.Procedure

> * You can use `{foreman-installer}` to configure `dns_nsupdate`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `{foreman-installer}` to configure `dns_nsupdate`:
```
or even
```suggestion
* Configure `dns_nsupdate`:
```
because users can see that they are using the installer, no need to tell them twice. Instead, you _could_ provide more details or a bit of context about the actual command example, but then again, that's all included in --help already so this is probably just fine as is.

Author: I think it's an often repeating thing. We have many procedures that are essentially a single step that is "run the installer with these arguments". I never quite know what's best because that header in the procedure almost feels redundant.
